Ask in PR template what parts of the code are modified (#22469)
PrestaShop/PrestaShop: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

| Deprecations? | yes / no
| Fixed ticket? | Fixes #{issue number here}.
| How to test?  | Please indicate how to best verify that this PR is correct.

> | What are the parts of PrestaShop modified by this PR?  | Please indicate what parts of the software we need to verify to check everything is alright

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Possible impacts? | Please indicate what parts of the software we need to check to make sure everything is alright.
```

Reviewer: A smaller column will be prettier I think?
(also a detail but the number of spaces will have to be adapted in other columns)

> | What are the parts of PrestaShop modified by this PR?  | Please indicate what parts of the software we need to verify to check everything is alright

Reviewer 2: Duplicate of https://devdocs.prestashop.com/1.7/contribute/contribution-guidelines/pull-requests/#type--category ?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16455155/102497526-0724ba00-4079-11eb-9c7f-c99160eab534.png)

Reviewer: Not exactly, the category is less precise This new field would be used to help QA team it's additional info to the `How to test?`

However the fact that you're asking the question means that it's not clear at all and that contributors won't understand its use 😅

Reviewer 2: Sorry but I'm lost !

This PR suggest : `What are the parts of PrestaShop modified by this PR?`
The current doc : `The category is the main part of the project affected by your changes. Choose the code that most closely describes your change:`

What is the diff ?

Author: @PululuK the category is actually used to build the Changelog and the Core Weekly. But "Back office" "or Web service" is very broad, it cannot help the QA.

The category aims to organize issues together while this new row aims to help QA know what to verify.

> | What are the parts of PrestaShop are modified this PR?  | Please indicate what parts of the software we need to verify to check everything is allright

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| What are the parts of PrestaShop modified by this PR?  | Please indicate what parts of the software we need to verify to check everything is alright
```

Author: Waoh I am really tired... I write such bad English 😅 . Thanks for proofreading!
